You will now see some advantages
of recurrent neural networks,
also known as RNNs.
You'll see that using them,
you can capture
some dependencies
that you could not
have otherwise
captured with your traditional
n-gram language model.
Let's dive in.
You've already got the general
idea behind completion.
Let's look at the
following example.
Nour was supposed
to study with me.
I called her but
she did not blank.
If you used a traditional
language model like a trigram,
to try and complete
the sentence,
you would compare difference
word probabilities,
and then select the word with
the highest chance of
following the words did not.
For instance, your model
might choose the word have,
because it is highly
probable to see
that sequence of three words
in a typical text corpus.
However, the use of
have in the sentence
doesn't make any sense
as a better alternative RNNs
aren't limited to looking at
just the previous n words.
They propagates information from
the beginning of the
sentence to the end.
If you train the
RNN for this task,
you'd get a better prediction.
The word answer.
Even though that's
word is less probable.
If you wanted to have a n-gram
capable of completing
sentences like this one,
you would have to account
for six-word long sequences,
which is pretty impractical.
To see how recurrent
neural networks work,
take the second sentence
from the last example.
I called her, but
she did not blank.
A plain RNN propagates
information
from the beginning of the
sentence through to the end,
starting with the first
word of the sequence,
the head and value
at the far left.
The first values
are computed here.
Then it's propagates some of
the computed information,
takes the second word in
the sequence and
gets new values.
You can see that's
process illustrated here.
The orange area denotes
the first computed values,
and the green denotes
the second word.
The second values
are computed using
the older values in orange
and the new word in green.
After that, it takes
the third word and the propagated
values from the first,
and second words and
computes another sets of
values from both of
those and so on.
Each of the boxes
in this diagram
represents the computations
made at each step.
The colors represent
the information that
is used for every computation.
As you can see, the
computations made at
the last step have
information from all the
words in this census.
At the final step,
the recurrent neural network is
able to predict the word answer.
The magic of recurrent
neural networks
is that the information from
every word in the sequence
is multiplied by
the same weights,
W subscripts of x.
The information propagated
from the beginning
to the end is multiplied
by W subscript h.
In other words,
this block is repeated for
every word in the sequence.
The only learnable
parameters are
the ones in W subscript x,
W subscript h, and
W. The weights used to
make the final prediction.
That's why they're called
recurrent neural networks.
They compute values that
are fed over and over again
to themselves until a
prediction is made.
The principle advantage of
RNNs is that they propagate
information within sequences and
your computation's share
most of the parameters.
Here, you saw an example of
an RNN that's propagated
information from
the beginning to the end of
a word sequence to make a
single prediction at the end.
Next, you'll see
different types of RNNs,
the math behind
simple architectures,
and the way to implement them.
You now know when you
would like to use an RNN.
In the next video,
I'll show you different types of
RNN architectures and also
show you when to use which.